feat(kubernetes): introduce kubernetes permission (#27499)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/real-foxes-film.md

> ---
> '@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-backend': minor
> '@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-cluster': minor
> '@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-common': minor
> '@backstage/plugin-kubernetes': minor
> ---
> 
> **BREAKING** The `/clusters` endpoint is now protected by the `kubernetes.clusters.read` permission.
> **BREAKING** The `/services/:serviceId` endpoint is now protected by the `kubernetes.resources.read` permission.
> **BREAKING** The `/resources` endpoints are now protected by the `kubernetes.resources.read` permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-backend': patch
'@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-cluster': patch
'@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-common': patch
'@backstage/plugin-kubernetes': patch
---

The `/clusters` endpoint is now protected by the `kubernetes.clusters.read` permission.
The `/services/:serviceId` endpoint is now protected by the `kubernetes.resources.read` permission.
The `/resources` endpoints are now protected by the `kubernetes.resources.read` permission.
```
